I think we all know that.
None of us were asleep in there.
He also said that if there is no
reasonable doubt, he must be found guilty.
Am I right?
And this kid is obviously guilty.
I say let's call for a vote.
Let's see where we stand.
Boy, oh boy.
There's always one.
He knifed his
own father 4 inches into the chest.
They proved it a dozen different ways.
Do you want me to list them for you?
What do you want?
No hurry, but this case is pretty obvious.
Why, I was convinced the first day.
What's there to talk about? He's guilty.
Who says it's easy for me?
The old man heard him yell that he was
going to kill his father in his own words.
He's telling us he did it.
The kid said he was going to
kill him and he did kill him.
End of story.
We don't owe him anything.
The kid's a killer.
I've listened to words all week,
the prosecutor,
the defense attorney,
the witnesses.
The judge and don't tell me you're
taking this kid's testimony seriously,
he's a born liar. All his kind are.
She stood in the courtroom and
she said she saw it plain as day.
Why would she lie?
You're a pretty smart fellow, aren't you?
Who made you so wise?
What are you, the kid's guardian Angel?
He's got nothing. The woman wouldn't lie.
She has no reason to.
The movies? What a load of crap.
This kid couldn't even remember the names
of the movies he was supposed to have seen.
Don't you remember the cops testimony?
I'm telling you. The kid made it all up.
No one could confirm his alibi.
This kid stinks of the gutter.
What do you mean claimed? She saw it.
He's confusing you.
Is it possible you're wasting our time?
You keep running around in circles.
What do you mean no eyeglasses?
You don't know that she wore glasses
just because she was rubbing her nose.
You don't know what kind of glasses she wore.
You're guessing! they could have been
sunglasses.
You haven't convinced anyone.
I call for another vote.
For this kid? You bet I would.
Listen, you shut up.
I'm telling you now shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up or I'll kill you.